Docs, WebHost: Update faq_en.md (#2313)
ArchipelagoMW/Archipelago: WebHostLib/static/assets/faq/faq_en.md

This creates a cooperative experience during multi-world games, requiring players to rely upon each other to complete
their game.

## What does multi-game mean?

While a multi-world game traditionally requires all players to be playing the same game, a multi-game multi-world allows
players to randomize any of the supported games, and send items between them. This allows players of different
games to interact with one another in a single multiplayer environment.  Archipelago supports multi-game multi-world.
Here's a list of our [Supported Games](https://archipelago.gg/games)

## Can I generate a single-player game with Archipelago?

Yes. All of our supported games can be generated as single-player experiences both on the website and through installing 
the Archipelago generator software. The fastest way to do this is on the website. Find the Supported Game you wish to play, 
open the Settings Page, pick your settings, and click Generate Game.

## How do I get started?

We have a [Getting Started](https://archipelago.gg/tutorial/Archipelago/setup/en) guide that will help you get the

> software set up.  You can use that guide to learn how to generate multiworlds.  There are also basic instructions for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
software set up.  You can use that guide to learn how to generate multi-worlds.  There are also basic instructions for
```

> including multiple games, and hosting these multiworlds on the website for ease and convenience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
including multiple games, and hosting these multi-worlds on the website for ease and convenience.
```
